product: Open-core vs enterprise (#667)
flowforge/website: src/handbook/product/strategy.md

We offer a number of ways that users can run the FlowForge product, we will
always offer an open source version that has the core features. Features that
offer higher business value or permit users to share across larger groups will

> be offered as part of our paid propositions. FlowForge Cloud is public and will
> generally include all open-source features that are availble but may not offer
> certain features such as SSO where integration is required between the platform
> and an enterprise. We offer customers the ability to have a dedicated managed
> instance if thats is a deployment model they require.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be offered as part of our paid propositions. FlowForge Cloud is public and will
generally include all open-source features that are available but may not offer
certain features such as SSO where integration is required between the platform
and an enterprise. We offer customers the ability to have a dedicated managed
instance if that is a deployment model they require.
```

typo fixes
